[docs] Added multi-admin documentation to CHIPTool guide. (#23290)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/guides/chip_tool_guide.md

-   _<endpoint_id\>_ is the ID of the endpoint on which the `binding` cluster is
    implemented.

### Multi-admin scenario

Multi-admin feature allows you to join Matter device to several Matter fabrics
and administer it by several different Matter administrators. First you need to
commission the Matter device to first fabric following the
[Using CHIP Tool for Matter device testing](#using) section.

Before it is possible to commission a Matter device to a new fabric, the
administrator from first fabric must open the commissioning window for a new
administrator from another fabric.

To open the commissioning window on the paired Matter device, use the following
command pattern:

```
$ ./chip-tool pairing open-commissioning-window <node_id> <option> <window_timeout> <iteration> <discriminator>
```

In this command:

-   _<node_id\>_ is the ID of the node that should open commissioning window
-   _<option\>_ is equal to 1 for Enhanced Commissioning Method and 0 for Basic
    Commissioning Method
-   _<window_timeout\>_ is time in seconds, before the commissioning window
    closes
-   _<iteration\>_ is number of PBKDF iterations to use to derive the PAKE
    verifier

> -   _<discriminator\>_ is device specific value determined during commissioning

Reviewer: iteration and discriminator are both ignored when option is set to 0.  We might want to document that.

**Example of command:**

```

> $ ./chip-tool pairing open-commissioning-window 1 1 300 1000 3840

Reviewer: Please use some other discriminator value here.

```

> Note manual pairing code printed in the command output, as it will be required

Reviewer: Why the manual pairing code and not the QR code?  Either one could be used.

to use by the second Matter admin to join Matter device to its fabric.

**Example of output:**

```bash
[1663675289.149337][56387:56392] CHIP:DMG: Received Command Response Status for Endpoint=0 Cluster=0x0000_003C Command=0x0000_0000 Status=0x0

[1663675289.149356][56387:56392] CHIP:CTL: Successfully opened pairing window on the device

[1663675289.149409][56387:56392] CHIP:CTL: Manual pairing code: [36310944684]
```

To commission the Matter device to a new fabric, you need to run another

> instance of CHIPTool, using the following command pattern:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
instance of CHIP Tool, using the following command pattern:
```
Let's follow the same denomination pattern as in the rest of the doc.

> instance of CHIPTool, using the following command pattern:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instance of CHIP Tool, using the following command pattern:
```
@markaj-nordic had this comment already but I accidentally deleted the wrong comment.... :(
